Confidentiality and Intellectual Property Undertaking


The Supplier will ensure that each Contingent Labour Workers signs and returns the Virgin Media Confidentiality and Intellectual Property Undertaking as set below.

The Supplier will hold such completed signed documents and shall make these available for audit.

To:	Virgin Media Ltd
        500 Brook Drive
        Reading
        Berkshire
        RG2 6UU 

Confidentiality Obligation

1.	I understand and acknowledge that in the course of my providing services to Virgin Media as a temporary contractor, I may learn or otherwise acquire information relating to Virgin Media’s business and affairs including, without limitation, details of its operations, customers, services, telecommunications networks, and financial affairs, all of which is considered by Virgin Media to be confidential information (“the Confidential Information”).

2.	In consideration of Virgin Media allowing me access to its premises and/or its Confidential Information, I now therefore agree that, except as may be required for the proper performance of my services, I will:

2.1	keep in the strictest confidence all such Confidential Information and not disclose any such Confidential Information to any other person. This includes (but not limited to) media, newsgroups, chat rooms/forums or any organisation that is not a part of Virgin Media

2.2	not make any copies or other reproduction (in whatever form) of documents or materials (including computer programs) containing any such Confidential Information.

3.	I also agree that any copies or reproductions of documentation or materials (including computer programs) which contain Confidential Information, and which are made in the performance of my services, shall be returned forthwith to Virgin Media at its request and in any event upon the completion or termination (for whatsoever reason) of my services.

4.	I acknowledge that:

4.1	the confidentiality obligations contained in this undertaking shall survive the termination of any agreement by which I have been contracted to provide services to Virgin Media (either directly or indirectly);

4.2	in view of the importance to Virgin Media of the Confidential Information, Virgin Media shall be entitled (without the need to prove any special damage) to seek from the Courts an injunction or other remedy by which it may be able to prevent any threatened or actual breach of the confidentiality obligations contained in this undertaking; and

4.3	notwithstanding the nature of the obligations contained in this letter, my services are provided to Virgin Media in the capacity of an independent consultant and not as its employee.

Proprietary Rights

5.	I acknowledge and agree that the Contract Works (as hereinafter defined) shall vest in and be the exclusive property of Virgin Media.  For the purposes of this undertaking, the “Contract Works” means any design, drawing, software, document, specification, study, report, analyses and other material conceived, created or produced by me during the course of or arising out of providing my services to Virgin Media.

6.	I shall disclose the Contract Works to Virgin Media whether conceived, apprehended or created by me during the course of or after termination of the provision of my services to Virgin Media (howsoever such termination may occur).

7.	I hereby assign to Virgin Media with full title guarantee by way of present and future assignment the copyright and all rights in the nature of copyright in the Contract Works for the full term of copyright throughout the world (except only such works that are conceived, apprehended or learned by me wholly unconnected with the provision of my services to Virgin Media).

8.	I hereby irrevocably waive in favour of Virgin Media all my rights under the Copyright Designs and Patents Act 1988 to be identified as the author of and to object to derogatory treatment of the Contract Works.

9.	At the request and expense of Virgin Media, I shall do all acts and execute all documents which may be necessary to confirm the title of Virgin Media to the rights assigned hereunder.




SIGNED:  Sukhban Sani		DATED: 17/5/2021

